Question about colors,
especially color variables.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm always messing with hex,
normally hex values, but
then every once in a while I
wanna use the same color scheme.
I wanna use an RGBA and
ltrying to match those up and not just
paste in some RGBA that is hard coded
instead of matching the color scheme in.
>> Yeah, so the Export Tools you can
choose various different formats.
I really like HSL because it's very
easy to keep consistent, like shade and
lightness, of course,
different hues, right?
And so for that, a lot of times I'll
just use the tools in the Export, right?
In Figma itself,
it shockingly doesn't care,
right, insofar that we
don't need version history.
Show me the button.
If I go into this style,
for instance, right?
No, where is my little,
I think I gotta go into the variables now.
Styles, you can hit the little things
variables, you have to go in here.
Back to my base colors.
That was a lot of work.
The cool part in Figma is that they're
all effectively the same thing, right?
So it's currently set to HSL because
that's what I was using last.
But you can see that in the variable
table there, hex, right?
And so, in Figma, you can very cleanly
swing, and you actually get the CSS value.
But I a lot of times like this
because I can do different hues.
Like somebody mentioned in the chat
earlier, Figma doesn't care but
then it becomes the,
how do you export it, right?
And the nice part is if
those colors are generated,
you all of a sudden do tend to care less,
right?
And so one of the things that you
can do with CSS variables is you
can write your CSS variable in
such a way that it's a little bit
different than the RGBA or
RGB syntax, it's spaces between them.
But you can write a CSS variable which
is like those first three values, and
then allowing you to pass in different
opacities for the RGBA, right?
So some of that you can do with code,
which is like, hey, and
you can build the variables,
like we've got this red, and
then we have a fourth
value that we can pass in.
And then I no longer think about the RGB
part, it's just the A in that case.
Thank you all so much.
Whoa, thank you so much!
>> [APPLAUSE]